My little sister was almost out of breath just now. But anxious.
Sorry. Don't get me wrong.
OK. I do it everywhere. Then give it to my little sister as you said.
No need for today. Tomorrow's. Right, no idea.
How about the fry in the fish soup? arrive.
Look at me resting. I'll go.
Boss. The fish is really good here. No idea.
Why is there no one around? asshole.
My fish. Did you Manniu give it to you?
Saw us coming. I don’t even know how to dress up as a fish.
Do you know these people? Is it decorated by Zhou's home?
What are you doing? You know this fish belongs to me.
Fish and wood fried eggs steal fish. Everyone is pretending or something. Don't leave if you don't want anything
Leave him alone today